Either you run the day, or the day runs you. -- Jim Rohn
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another. -- William James
We shall neither fail nor falter; we shall not weaken or tire... give us the tools and we will finish the job. -- Winston Churchill
One only needs two tools in life: WD-40 to make things go, and duct tape to make them stop. -- G. Weilacher
When you write down your ideas you automatically focus your full attention on them. Few if any of us can write one thought and think another at the same time. Thus a pencil and paper make excellent concentration tools. -- Michael Leboeuf
There's a tremendous amount of craftsmanship between a having a great idea and having a great product. -- Steve Jobs
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not one bit simpler. -- Albert Einstein
The best way to get a good idea, is to get lots of ideas. -- Linus Pauling
DNA is like a computer program but far, far more advanced than any software ever created. -- Bill Gates
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. -- Albert Einstein
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. -- Dr. Seuss
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. -- Thomas Jefferson
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read. -- Groucho Marx
Brevity is the soul of wit. -- William Shakespeare
Ambition should be made of sterner stuff. -- William Shakespeare
Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown. -- William Shakespeare
Things won are done, joy's soul lies in the doing. -- William Shakespeare
People think focus means saying yes to the thing you've got to focus on. But that's not what it means at all. It means saying no to the hundred other good ideas that there are. You have to pick carefully. -- Steve Jobs
If you want to live your life in a creative way, as an artist, you have to not look back too much. You have to be willing to take whatever you've done and whoever you were and throw them away. -- Steve Jobs
When people are crystal clear about the most important priorities of the organization and team they work with and prioritized their work around those top priorities, not only are they many times more productive, they discover they have the time they need to have a whole life. -- Stephen Covey
It is an absurd folly that miserable men take it it upon themselves to act without God when they cannot even speak except he wills. -- John Calvin
I used to think that God liked only certain people - those who lived up to his standards. But I'm increasingly surprised by his choice of friends. And even more surprised that his choice includes me. -- Steve Brown
Salvation is not some felicitous state to which we can lift ourselves by our own bootstraps after the contemplation of sufficiently good examples. It is an utterly new creation into which we are brought by our death in Jesus' death and our resurrection in his. It comes not out of our own best efforts, however well-inspired or successfully pursued, but out of the shipwreck of all human efforts whatsoever. -- Robert Farrer Capon
Confession is when we quit all the deal making, the sidestepping, the mask wearing, the pretense and preening, and we get bone-deep honest before God. -- Mark Buchanan, Your God is Too Safe
To rejoice in God is one thing; to rejoice in ourselves is another. Self-congratulation and the worship of God are mutually incompatible. Those who have a high view of themselves always have a correspondingly low view of God. -- John Stott
It's time to quit making God seem dull because our insipid thanksgivings are. -- Calvin Miller
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder. -- G.K. Chesterton
I think we delight to praise what we enjoy because the praise not merely expresses but completes the enjoyment. -- C. S. Lewis
Nature simply praises God: redeemed humans understand, why God ought to be praised. -- N. T. Wright
Why is it that when we talk to God we're said to be praying, but when God talks to us we're said to be schizophrenic? -- Lily Tomlin
So faith comes from hearing, and hearing through the word of Christ. -- Romans 10:17
The (written) Word is the wire along which the voice of God will certainly come to you if the heart is hushed and the attention fixed. -- F. B. Meyer
The facts are that God is not silent, has never been silent. It is the nature of God to speak. The second Person of the Holy Trinity is called the Word. The Bible is the inevitable outcome of God's continuous speech. It is the infallible declaration of His mind for us put into our familiar human words. -- A. W. Tozer
God the Father is both far away and near at hand; his voice is, at once, deafening in its thunderousness, and too still and small to be easily audible. -- Malcolm Muggeridge
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. He was in the beginning with God. All things were made through him, and without him was not any thing made that was made. In him was life, and the life was the light of men. The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it. -- John 1:1-4
I live with God ever before me. I recognize His omnipotence, I fear His anger; I acknowledge His love, too, His compassion and mercy towards all His creatures; He will never desert those who serve Him. -- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart  
We should live our lives as though Christ was coming this afternoon. -- Jimmy Carter
For me the most radical demand of Christian faith lies in summoning the courage to say yes to the present risenness of Jesus Christ. -- Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging
A Christian community should do as Jesus did: propose and not impose. Its attraction must lie in the radiance cast by the love of brothers. -- Jean Vanier, Community And Growth
The greatest single cause of atheism in the world today is Christians: who acknowledge Jesus with their lips, walk out the door, and deny Him by their lifestyle. That is what an unbelieving world simply finds unbelievable. -- Kevin Max
No one can read the Gospels without feeling Jesus' presence. His character lives in every word. No legend is full of such life… No one can deny the fact that Jesus existed, or that His words were enlightened. -- Albert Einstein
Jesus is the most prominent figure of all times. There is no other teacher - Jewish, Christian, Buddhist or Muslim. His teachings are still milestones in the world we live in. Other teachers might have something basic to offer the Easterner, Arab or the Westerner; but in every act or word of Jesus, there is value for us all. He became the light of the world. Why wouldn't I, as a Jew, be proud of that? -- Shalom Ash
God's eternal wisdom, showed itself in everything, especially in the human soul, but above all, in Jesus the Messiah. -- Baruch Spinoza
There is a God shaped vacuum in the heart of every man, which cannot be filled by any created thing, but only by God, the Creator, made known through the Messiah. -- Blaise Pascal
I have deep faith in the Old and New Testaments as the Word of God. -- Sir Isaac Newton
No lunatic could be the source of psychological understandings so deep and efficient as those of Jesus Christ. -- C.S. Lewis